content: add description and title metas (#1600)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/3.resources/index.md

---
template: page
title: Resources

> description: 'Discover a panel of resources made by our partners. By using thoses affiliate resources links, you are helping us to maintain and develop the Open Source Framework.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Discover a panel of resources made by our partners. By using thoses affiliate resources links, you are helping us to maintain and develop the Nuxt Framework.'
```
